1. We need to review the actual prompt that we are feeding the AI models during the chunk passes
2. Would creating a brand-new prompt v10 version prompt that isntead of using add on attachment for progressive, fully incorporates the progressive aspect into the prompt work? ANd then we use this prompt version for any file where size is > X pages long, and the original v9 prompt for files < X pages long? 
3. Should we be treating every file no matter what it is as if it is potentially a 100+ page file, by giving the uploaded file the same prompt prompt that includes the progressive instructions, then if the page ends up being < 1 chunk's worth, the encounter gets 'closed off' after the call, but if there is a second chunk it simply gets handed over. So for the majority of files which are <50 pages long, they wil get instructions that start with a something such as; 'you are continuing this [encounter information]' where if its a 1 page file then that [encounter information] section just get filled with nothing or a placeholder or removed entirely. Then it just continues doing its job as normal for the pages it has and when it reaches the end of the pages it has (the chunk) it submits it. The database then determins if the information that has been submitted is final because thats the end fo teh document, or whether there is another chunk to run through another api ai call and hence to leave as pending for now and prepare package to insert into the prompt for the next ai call  ? 
4. I don't understand why this is so hard, Isn't all we have to do is get the AI to handover the last encounter it was working on - ie., we just need a handoff a packge of context info to the next ai doing the next chunk Which will simply contain the encounter summary and spatial information i.e. which page started on but nothing too complex cause all the complex stuff should already be stored in the pending section of the table database. 
5. We will eventually need to update the process/system for pass05 so that healthcare encounters are able to end and start at any point within a page (half way down the page etc) as this is common in medicla files such as a path test history where test results from different dates are just stacked on top of each other in one long document (but clearly defined and dinstinguised with date headers etc - its just that these headers could be at any vertical y value down the page). i.e., be more granular with encounter start and end spatial locations via utilising the OCR bbox data 
6. 